California Lutheran University embodies a vital and long-standing educational tradition. As part of that 500-year-old Lutheran tradition, we believe that understanding our purpose as individuals will help us make our best possible contribution to the world. We encourage students to follow their own passion to uncover their purpose. This prepares them for a life of success in which they always offer their very best to others—family, community, and the world. This happens as part of a diverse, open-minded, and challenging academic environment.
All are welcome, Interfaith Allies No one here is an outsider.
This is one of the most deeply held values in the Lutheran tradition. And its importance is evident on campus—our students come from more than 35 countries and embody a wide variety of faiths. At Cal Lutheran, your personal convictions and beliefs are honored and respected.  We also provide you with opportunities to consider and discuss matters of faith and intellect in an open and friendly environment. This challenges and strengthens you with new intellectual and theological reflections.
Make your own decisions
We have created an environment where you'll take learning to a deeper level. As a student, we will encourage you to ask hard questions. You will not be handed easy answers. We want you to make your own decisions. To tackle the fundamental issues with courage. To choose for yourself whether the information you encounter meets the tests of knowledge and truth. Through your inquiries, you will discover profound connections and meaning. We will offer you structure with options, freedom with responsibility, and integrity with compassion. This kind of challenging academic environment enables you to grow as an independent, thoughtful, and compassionate individual.
Make your best possible contribution
The Cal Lutheran experience is about making real choices for your life. It's about gaining confidence in your identity. It's about discovering purpose in your life and career. The perspective you gain will allow you to lead a life filled with meaning far beyond the work you choose to do.
